without spending the Ukrainian risky side
Alois shelling them the same way we go 5
reeks of an arc of terrorists purusas
who are either notified of the beta
attacked salty points lower
Krynka building to the golden sands
facebook and the sound of rusi te hoo however
I left the pan fighters fired
Ukrainian risk constitute positions in
scruffy sky completely but now on gas
Donetsk airport
agent debaltsevo terrorist almost
to the right are forged logic in us
screaming
shoot at the laundry bucket
to click and hair on the side of the salad and
then by types from another Ukrainian side
breaking soldered mode don't remember shelling
of acted with mortars then strelets
The Weapon force atoms and opens fire on
Vito after all tilki at times for thunderstorms live have
Ukrainian
risky do not entertain provocations against
five started warden bummer by color
Slavyoserbskom closer in Luhansk region
militants gobbled up near the deposit
Ukrainian court typhus between them already 200
meters ukrainian soldiers inflate
today the terrorists are you sending you
its forces on Razi checkpoint at the yard Children
And then Chon from three Turin five tanks
t-72
2 bmp-2 bmd-4 btr plate 90 people
special warehouse on the steep bottom of Ukraine and
need to recon centered Russian all to
bought the Crimea to torture Kherson
area with armor forces of Russia for Astana
sprat you did not pull and sank hundreds
tanks close hundreds of armored personnel carriers and bmp there
placing dozens of hailstorms hurricanes 3
transit points at waves
eagles that happiness nato steam vs hiv
I upload through shelling and the diversion of
to the eye of Mariupol on the types of passes
car seats would you insert at
premku US forces Pavlopol drums you
bottled you were a mistake
the plaster crumbled it between
filling 5 channel